modern sports betting originated in 19th century competitive walking, called pedestrianism. Pedestrianism started when English aristocracy would match their servants against each other in walking contests and bet heavily on the outcome.
Bill Gates has donated 28 billion dollars since 2007 and saved at least 6 million lives.
a traffic jam in China lasted lasted for more than 10 days, 100 kilometers long, with cars moving less that a kilometer a day.
Mark Twain had an almost fatal heart attack in 1898 after watching a belly dancer's routine.
during decommunization, a statue of Lenin in Ukraine was changed to Darth Vader.
dogs can be trained in sign language
in 1915, scam artist Charles Hatfield convinced the town of San Diego that he could create rainfall using a secret mix of chemicals. The city offered to pay him $10,000 if he could end their drought, and the 'result,' a few days later, was the town's worst flood of the 20th century.
the Ancient Egyptians had a calendar of 12 months, each 30 days long, with 5 days of festivities at the end of the year to add up to 365.
a 2015 study found that people posting duck face pictures are more likely to be associated with neuroticism and emotional instability.
97 percent of all emails sent worldwide are spam.
Eskimos use refrigerators to prevent food from freezing.
there are about two million saunas in Finland, enough for the entire finnish population to take a sauna at the same time
you get twice as wet running in the rain versus walking.
there is a city called Rome on every continent.
Romans used to crush 4 million mollusk shells to create one pound of purple pigment. This is why the color Purple is associated with Royalty as only the Kings could afford that color
you get twice as wet running in the rain vs walking.
in 1915, scam artist Charles Hatfield convinced the town of San Diego that he could create rainfall using a secret mix of chemicals. The city offered to pay him $10,000 if he could end their drought, and the 'result,' a few days later, was the town's worst flood of the 20th century.
the sand dunes in the Sahara desert are known to have a phenomena known as "singing sand" - when conditions are right, the sand moving on dunes can make a humming sound.
the Cuban missile crisis started when the United States noticed Cubans building football fields, because they knew Cubans preferred baseball over football. The fields were built for Soviet military camps in Cuba.
in 2012 when Taylor Swift held a public vote for where she would visit and preform a free concert, 4chan users voted for a childrens school for the deaf and won the vote.
from 1998 to 2003, the coach of the VfL Wolfsburg football team was named Wolfgang Wolf.
around 62 percent of the 1000 most viewed YouTube videos are blocked in Germany.
German chocolate cake is named after a guy named Sam German, not the country.
The creature that kills the most people every year isn't snakes, sharks, or even other humans — it's the mosquito.
There's an island in Japan you can visit that's inhabited only by friendly bunnies.
There are actually more public libraries in the US than McDonalds
In 1518, a dancing plague took over the town of Strasbourg, France
Before the invention of color TV, 75% of people said they dreamed in black and white. Today, only 12% do.
Wombat poop is cube-shaped.
The British royal family is not allowed to play Monopoly.
Paper bags aren't any better for the environment than plastic ones.
There are lower-case numbers in addition to lower-case letters.
Ancient Greeks came up with the idea of cyclops after they found a fossil of a mammoth, and had no idea what it was.
Lego is the largest tire manufacturer in the world.
The Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg, Russia, has so many cats on its grounds that it employs a Press Secretary to the Cats.
There is a town in Poland where everything is decorated with paintings of flowers.
Sea otters have a pouch under their forearm to store their favorite rocks.
Cows have best friends and get stressed when separated.
Ketchup was sold as medicine in the 1830.
A cat co-authored a physics paper in 1975.
Baby puffins are called pufflings.